This is p 2.
The original p is still, mostly, valid. 
But there are some changes.
Now we.
- Depend on nobody.
- Go deeper.
- Master our chosen craft.
- Stare into the face of hell, and smile.

# Goals of p 2

- **Lead others**.  There are lonley people.  Bored people.  You cannot be such a person.  You work harder.  You start clubs.  Get better at your skills.  Build the community centered around the improvement of your core skills as a human being.  And friendships will follow.
- **Eat Fish** properly as you grow older.  Must be done 3 times a week.  You may pick your fish.  You may not skip.  Tuna sandwhiches do not count.  Sockeye salmon, Sardines, Haddock, Cod all count.
- **Music Lab: Every day** We now do music lab every day.  One day a week can be "free lab", where you do anything you want for music lab, including a different instrument, or a "made up" instrument.
- **StoryWorld**: Story world must be done 5 times a week.
- **Order and Carry your snack**: You must have your own foods and snacks.

# Details

## Food Boss

Boss: Santo
- Food boss has to make sure everyone orders healthy food and has snacks with them.
- If this is not the case, food boss is responsible.
- Food Boss also has to ensure the snacks that are carried have some lean protein or fish.

## Maps Lab

Boss: Santo.

Having a intuitive understanding of your location in 3D space is an ancient human art form that must be preserved for the future.  You are the one who will preserve it.

- When travelling you must make analog, hand drawn maps of the territory including roads
towns and cities which you will go to, or want to go to.
- Map Boss should **always** have both pocket knife and compass.

## Music Lab

Boss: JJ

As we grow older our relationship with music as a primary art form
becomes important.  It determines how we meet people, how we interact
with others, maybe even who you might get married to, or where you will work.

So we must be in the category of human that not only enjoys music, but also
can control it, make it, and learn from it, wherever it is.  That means.

- Music Lab: Every day.
- Music Lab is on one of two topics: Guitar or Bass Guitar.
- Playing other instruments is good.  But guitar and bass are required.

The Guitar and Bass Guitar are the most versatile and universal instruments we have today, and they can be used to play the highest quality of modern Rock, Heavy Metal, Jazz, and even Classical Music.  So we learn them.  Cold.

Music lab must cover:
- *Theory*: Academic study of a music book on notes, 5ths,  4ths, scales, and chords.  After finishing the **Vaideology** book, you may choose your own.  **Vaideology** Is Steve Vai's simplified book of music theory, for guitar players.
- *Drills*: Drills are scales and chords which are difficult to play.
- *Tuning*: We must use the tuning fork to tune a whole guitar by ear.  This is how
we develop the quality of our inner pitch.

- Music Drills should be done **7 days a week**... They should make your fingers hurt and challenge your ability to stay on beat.  They must be done with a metronome if available, or a person clapping to the beat, if travelling. 
- Music Theory should be done **3 days a week**... Including learning notes and chords.

## Morning Gym

Boss: Santo

Morning Gym continues to be the most important lab of all.  It must be done every day.
- It should be done in public, so you may meet other people who do morning gym.
- Morning gym now may include footballs, skateboards, and other workouts that others can participate in.
- Morning gym is now as much a social activity, and a club, as it is a tool to of self discipline.

So get outside, grab a football, and do a hard morning workout.

## Storyworld Lab

Boss: JJ

StoryWorld boss must always:
- Know the plan for the next comic book to be read and enforce deadlines so we dont fall behind on titles.
- Have a boardgame to play in their backpack.

**Only by mastering the history of our modern mythology, will you be prepared to utilize it in its truest form, preserving its ancient wisdom, to draw inspiration in your daily life.**

The greatest technology Human beings ever created was the telling of the story.  It is how we encode knowledge that
is beyond simplistic rules or recipes - it is where we encode the mysteries and secrets of human consciousness.
Thus,

- You may not watch TV and play video games unless you also spend time learning the canonical story's behind them.

The canonical stories of the Transformers, Ninja Turtles, Mario Brothers, and many other characters in modern
popular culture evolved over decades, to become modern myths and legends.    

It is our job to preserve this
mythology so that the knowledge, wisdom, and capacity for visual human encoding of story can be passed on to the next generation.

We currently study:

- Transformers (Marvel, IDW, and Image)
- Star Wars (pre-disney)
- Ninja Turtles (All publications)

For story world.  

StoryWorld lab is usually done at night and can be assisted by a parent.  In StoryWorld lab you must
either watch a reading of, or read yourself, one of the modern canonical story lines, in its written and drawn form.

## Morning Lab

Boss: JJ

Begin the day by writing or drawing something.  
It should be something challenging often times it may be related to science or math.
Sometimes it may be fictional, mythological, or from the natural world.

## Skateboarding and Scooters

Boss : Santo

```
  Why do we fall ?
  So we can learn to pick ourselves back up.
```

Skateboarding and Scottering are two modern technologies which, while not requiring any electricity, vastly multiply the ability of a human being to travel from one place to another, in a way that is both fun and efficient.  They are a form of excersize (although not a replacement for morning gym **except once a week**).

Skateboarding teaches us to fall and get up.  To look for rocks in the road.  And it is a special California pasttime, which is why we spend extra time on it.
